feat(serverless): edge faq (#4161)
scaleway/docs-content: faq/serverless-containers.mdx

Further integrations are also possible even if not listed above, for example, [Secret Manager](/identity-and-access-management/secret-manager/) can help you to store information that requires versioning.
</Message>

## Can I use Serverless Containers with Edge Services?

> For the moment there are no native integrations between both products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot use Serverless Containers with Edge Services because there are no native integrations between the two products yet.
```
